{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1036{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang12 Some #red_team Tools\par
==================\par
*Reconnaissance\par
* Active Intelligence Gathering\par
\par
EyeWitness\par
designed to take screenshots of websites, provide some server header info, and identify default credentials if possible. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/ChrisTruncer/EyeWitness }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/ChrisTruncer/EyeWitness\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
AWSBucketDump\par
a tool to quickly enumerate AWS S3 buckets to look for loot. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/jordanpotti/AWSBucketDump }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/jordanpotti/AWSBucketDump\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
AQUATONE\par
a set of tools for performing reconnaissance on domain names. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/michenriksen/aquatone }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/michenriksen/aquatone\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
spoofcheck\par
a program that checks if a domain can be spoofed from. The program checks SPF and DMARC records for weak configurations that allow spoofing. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/BishopFox/spoofcheck }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/BishopFox/spoofcheck\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Nmap\par
used to discover hosts and services on a computer network, thus building a "map" of the network. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/nmap/nmap }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/nmap/nmap\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
dnsrecon\par
a tool DNS Enumeration Script. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/darkoperator/dnsrecon }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/darkoperator/dnsrecon\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
* Passive Intelligence Gathering\par
\par
Social Mapper\par
OSINT Social Media Mapping Tool takes a list of names & images (or LinkedIn company name) and performs automated target searching on a huge scale across multiple social media sites. Not restricted by APIs as it instruments a browser using Selenium. Outputs reports to aid in correlating targets across sites. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/SpiderLabs/social_mapper }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/SpiderLabs/social_mapper\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
skiptracer\par
OSINT scraping framework, utilizes some basic python webscraping (BeautifulSoup) of PII paywall sites to compile passive information on a target on a ramen noodle budget. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/xillwillx/skiptracer }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/xillwillx/skiptracer\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
ScrapedIn a tool to scrape LinkedIn without API restrictions for data reconnaissance. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/dchrastil/ScrapedIn }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/dchrastil/ScrapedIn\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
linkScrape\par
A LinkedIn user/company enumeration tool. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/NickSanzotta/linkScrape }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/NickSanzotta/linkScrape\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
FOCA (Fingerprinting Organizations with Collected Archives)\par
a tool used mainly to find metadata and hidden information in the documents its scans. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/ElevenPaths/FOCA }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/ElevenPaths/FOCA\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
theHarvester\par
a tool for gathering subdomain names, e-mail addresses, virtual hosts, open ports/ banners, and employee names from different public sources. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/laramies/theHarvester }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/laramies/theHarvester\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Metagoofil\par
a tool for extracting metadata of public documents (pdf,doc,xls,ppt,etc) availables in the target websites. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/laramies/metagoofil }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/laramies/metagoofil\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
SimplyEmail\par
Email recon made fast and easy, with a framework to build on. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/killswitch-GUI/SimplyEmail }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/killswitch-GUI/SimplyEmail\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
truffleHog\par
searches through git repositories for secrets, digging deep into commit history and branches. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/dxa4481/truffleHog }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/dxa4481/truffleHog\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Just-Metadata\par
a tool that gathers and analyzes metadata about IP addresses. It attempts to find relationships between systems within a large dataset. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/ChrisTruncer/Just-Metadata }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/ChrisTruncer/Just-Metadata\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
typofinder\par
a finder of domain typos showing country of IP address. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/nccgroup/typofinder }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/nccgroup/typofinder\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
pwnedOrNot\par
is a python script which checks if the email account has been compromised in a data breach, if the email account is compromised it proceeds to find passwords for the compromised account. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/thewhiteh4t/pwnedOrNot }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/thewhiteh4t/pwnedOrNot\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
GitHarvester\par
This tool is used for harvesting information from GitHub like google dork. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/metac0rtex/GitHarvester }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/metac0rtex/GitHarvester\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
pwndb\par
a python command-line tool for searching leaked credentials using the Onion service with the same name. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/davidtavarez/pwndb/ }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/davidtavarez/pwndb/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
*Frameworks\par
\par
Maltego\par
a unique platform developed to deliver a clear threat picture to the environment that an organization owns and operates. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.paterva.com/web7/downloads.php }}{\fldrslt{https://www.paterva.com/web7/downloads.php\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
SpiderFoot\par
the open source footprinting and intelligence-gathering tool. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/smicallef/spiderfoot }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/smicallef/spiderfoot\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
datasploit\par
an OSINT Framework to perform various recon techniques on Companies, People, Phone Number, Bitcoin Addresses, etc., aggregate all the raw data, and give data in multiple formats. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/DataSploit/datasploit }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/DataSploit/datasploit\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Recon-ng\par
a full-featured Web Reconnaissance framework written in Python. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://bitbucket.org/LaNMaSteR53/recon-ng }}{\fldrslt{https://bitbucket.org/LaNMaSteR53/recon-ng\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
* Weaponization\par
\par
WinRAR Remote Code Execution Proof of Concept exploit for CVE-2018-20250. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/WyAtu/CVE-2018-20250 }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/WyAtu/CVE-2018-20250\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Composite Moniker Proof of Concept exploit for CVE-2017-8570. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/rxwx/CVE-2017-8570 }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/rxwx/CVE-2017-8570\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Exploit toolkit CVE-2017-8759 is a handy python script which provides pentesters and security researchers a quick and effective way to test Microsoft .NET Framework RCE. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/bhdresh/CVE-2017-8759 }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/bhdresh/CVE-2017-8759\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
CVE-2017-11882 Exploit accepts over 17k bytes long command/code in maximum. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/unamer/CVE-2017-11882 }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/unamer/CVE-2017-11882\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Adobe Flash Exploit CVE-2018-4878. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/anbai-inc/CVE-2018-4878 }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/anbai-inc/CVE-2018-4878\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Exploit toolkit CVE-2017-0199 is a handy python script which provides pentesters and security researchers a quick and effective way to test Microsoft Office RCE. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/bhdresh/CVE-2017-0199 }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/bhdresh/CVE-2017-0199\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
demiguise is a HTA encryption tool for RedTeams. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/nccgroup/demiguise }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/nccgroup/demiguise\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Office-DDE-Payloads collection of scripts and templates to generate Office documents embedded with the DDE, macro-less command execution technique. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/0xdeadbeefJERKY/Office-DDE-Payloads }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/0xdeadbeefJERKY/Office-DDE-Payloads\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
CACTUSTORCH Payload Generation for Adversary Simulations. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/mdsecactivebreach/CACTUSTORCH }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/mdsecactivebreach/CACTUSTORCH\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
SharpShooter is a payload creation framework for the retrieval and execution of arbitrary CSharp source code. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/mdsecactivebreach/SharpShooter }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/mdsecactivebreach/SharpShooter\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Don't kill my cat is a tool that generates obfuscated shellcode that is stored inside of polyglot images. The image is 100% valid and also 100% valid shellcode. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/Mr-Un1k0d3r/DKMC }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/Mr-Un1k0d3r/DKMC\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Malicious Macro Generator Utility Simple utility design to generate obfuscated macro that also include a AV / Sandboxes escape mechanism. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/Mr-Un1k0d3r/MaliciousMacroGenerator }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/Mr-Un1k0d3r/MaliciousMacroGenerator\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
SCT Obfuscator Cobalt Strike SCT payload obfuscator. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/Mr-Un1k0d3r/SCT-obfuscator }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/Mr-Un1k0d3r/SCT-obfuscator\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Invoke-Obfuscation PowerShell Obfuscator. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/danielbohannon/Invoke-Obfuscation }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/danielbohannon/Invoke-Obfuscation\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Invoke-CradleCrafter PowerShell remote download cradle generator and obfuscator. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/danielbohannon/Invoke-CradleCrafter }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/danielbohannon/Invoke-CradleCrafter\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Invoke-DOSfuscation cmd.exe Command Obfuscation Generator & Detection Test Harness. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/danielbohannon/Invoke-DOSfuscation }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/danielbohannon/Invoke-DOSfuscation\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
morphHTA Morphing Cobalt Strike's evil.HTA. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/vysec/morphHTA }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/vysec/morphHTA\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Unicorn is a simple tool for using a PowerShell downgrade attack and inject shellcode straight into memory. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/trustedsec/unicorn }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/trustedsec/unicorn\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Shellter is a dynamic shellcode injection tool, and the first truly dynamic PE infector ever created. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.shellterproject.com/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.shellterproject.com/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
EmbedInHTML Embed and hide any file in an HTML file. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/Arno0x/EmbedInHTML }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/Arno0x/EmbedInHTML\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
SigThief Stealing Signatures and Making One Invalid Signature at a Time. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/secretsquirrel/SigThief }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/secretsquirrel/SigThief\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Veil is a tool designed to generate metasploit payloads that bypass common anti-virus solutions. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/Veil-Framework/Veil }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/Veil-Framework/Veil\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
CheckPlease Sandbox evasion modules written in PowerShell, Python, Go, Ruby, C, C#, Perl, and Rust. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/Arvanaghi/CheckPlease }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/Arvanaghi/CheckPlease\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Invoke-PSImage is a tool to embeded a PowerShell script in the pixels of a PNG file and generates a oneliner to execute. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/peewpw/Invoke-PSImage }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/peewpw/Invoke-PSImage\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
LuckyStrike a PowerShell based utility for the creation of malicious Office macro documents. To be used for pentesting or educational purposes only. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/curi0usJack/luckystrike }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/curi0usJack/luckystrike\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
ClickOnceGenerator Quick Malicious ClickOnceGenerator for Red Team. The default application a simple WebBrowser widget that point to a website of your choice. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/Mr-Un1k0d3r/ClickOnceGenerator }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/Mr-Un1k0d3r/ClickOnceGenerator\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
macro_pack is a tool by @EmericNasi used to automatize obfuscation and generation of MS Office documents, VB scripts, and other formats for pentest, demo, and social engineering assessments. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/sevagas/macro_pack }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/sevagas/macro_pack\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
StarFighters a JavaScript and VBScript Based Empire Launcher. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/Cn33liz/StarFighters }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/Cn33liz/StarFighters\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
nps_payload this script will generate payloads for basic intrusion detection avoidance. It utilizes publicly demonstrated techniques from several different sources. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/trustedsec/nps_payload }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/trustedsec/nps_payload\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
SocialEngineeringPayloads a collection of social engineering tricks and payloads being used for credential theft and spear phishing attacks. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/bhdresh/SocialEngineeringPayloads }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/bhdresh/SocialEngineeringPayloads\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
The Social-Engineer Toolkit is an open-source penetration testing framework designed for social engineering. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/trustedsec/social-engineer-toolkit }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/trustedsec/social-engineer-toolkit\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Phishery is a Simple SSL Enabled HTTP server with the primary purpose of phishing credentials via Basic Authentication. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/ryhanson/phishery }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/ryhanson/phishery\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
PowerShdll run PowerShell with rundll32. Bypass software restrictions. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/p3nt4/PowerShdll }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/p3nt4/PowerShdll\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Ultimate AppLocker ByPass List The goal of this repository is to document the most common techniques to bypass AppLocker. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/api0cradle/UltimateAppLockerByPassList }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/api0cradle/UltimateAppLockerByPassList\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Ruler is a tool that allows you to interact with Exchange servers remotely, through either the MAPI/HTTP or RPC/HTTP protocol. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/sensepost/ruler }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/sensepost/ruler\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Generate-Macro is a standalone PowerShell script that will generate a malicious Microsoft Office document with a specified payload and persistence method. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/enigma0x3/Generate-Macro }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/enigma0x3/Generate-Macro\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Malicious Macro MSBuild Generator Generates Malicious Macro and Execute Powershell or Shellcode via MSBuild Application Whitelisting Bypass. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/infosecn1nja/MaliciousMacroMSBuild }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/infosecn1nja/MaliciousMacroMSBuild\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Meta Twin is designed as a file resource cloner. Metadata, including digital signature, is extracted from one file and injected into another. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/threatexpress/metatwin }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/threatexpress/metatwin\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
WePWNise generates architecture independent VBA code to be used in Office documents or templates and automates bypassing application control and exploit mitigation software. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/mwrlabs/wePWNise }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/mwrlabs/wePWNise\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
DotNetToJScript a tool to create a JScript file which loads a .NET v2 assembly from memory. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/tyranid/DotNetToJScript }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/tyranid/DotNetToJScript\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
PSAmsi is a tool for auditing and defeating AMSI signatures. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/cobbr/PSAmsi }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/cobbr/PSAmsi\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
- Reflective DLL injection is a library injection technique in which the concept of reflective programming is employed to perform the loading of a library from memory into a host process. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/stephenfewer/ReflectiveDLLInjection }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/stephenfewer/ReflectiveDLLInjection\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
ps1encode use to generate and encode a powershell based metasploit payloads. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/CroweCybersecurity/ps1encode }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/CroweCybersecurity/ps1encode\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Worse PDF turn a normal PDF file into malicious. Use to steal Net-NTLM Hashes from windows machines. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/3gstudent/Worse-PDF }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/3gstudent/Worse-PDF\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
SpookFlare has a different perspective to bypass security measures and it gives you the opportunity to bypass the endpoint countermeasures at the client-side detection and network-side detection. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/hlldz/SpookFlare }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/hlldz/SpookFlare\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
GreatSCT is an open source project to generate application white list bypasses. This tool is intended for BOTH red and blue team. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/GreatSCT/GreatSCT }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/GreatSCT/GreatSCT\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
nps running powershell without powershell. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/Ben0xA/nps }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/Ben0xA/nps\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Meterpreter_Paranoid_Mode.sh allows users to secure your staged/stageless connection for Meterpreter by having it check the certificate of the handler it is connecting to. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/r00t-3xp10it/Meterpreter_Paranoid_Mode-SSL }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/r00t-3xp10it/Meterpreter_Paranoid_Mode-SSL\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
The Backdoor Factory (BDF) is to patch executable binaries with user desired shellcode and continue normal execution of the prepatched state. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/secretsquirrel/the-backdoor-factory }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/secretsquirrel/the-backdoor-factory\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
MacroShop a collection of scripts to aid in delivering payloads via Office Macros. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/khr0x40sh/MacroShop }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/khr0x40sh/MacroShop\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
UnmanagedPowerShell Executes PowerShell from an unmanaged process. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/leechristensen/UnmanagedPowerShell }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/leechristensen/UnmanagedPowerShell\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
evil-ssdp Spoof SSDP replies to phish for NTLM hashes on a network. Creates a fake UPNP device, tricking users into visiting a malicious phishing page. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://gitlab.com/initstring/evil-ssdp }}{\fldrslt{https://gitlab.com/initstring/evil-ssdp\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Ebowla Framework for Making Environmental Keyed Payloads. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/Genetic-Malware/Ebowla }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/Genetic-Malware/Ebowla\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
make-pdf-embedded a tool to create a PDF document with an embedded file. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/DidierStevens/DidierStevensSuite/blob/master/make-pdf-embedded.py }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/DidierStevens/DidierStevensSuite/blob/master/make-pdf-embedded.py\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
avet (AntiVirusEvasionTool) is targeting windows machines with executable files using different evasion techniques. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/govolution/avet }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/govolution/avet\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
EvilClippy A cross-platform assistant for creating malicious MS Office documents. Can hide VBA macros, stomp VBA code (via P-Code) and confuse macro analysis tools.\par
Runs on Linux, OSX and Windows. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/outflanknl/EvilClippy }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/outflanknl/EvilClippy\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
* Delivery\par
* Phishing\par
\par
King Phisher\par
a tool for testing and promoting user awareness by simulating real world phishing attacks. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/securestate/king-phisher }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/securestate/king-phisher\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
FiercePhish\par
a full-fledged phishing framework to manage all phishing engagements. It allows you to track separate phishing campaigns, schedule sending of emails, and much more. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/Raikia/FiercePhish }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/Raikia/FiercePhish\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
ReelPhish\par
a Real-Time Two-Factor Phishing Tool. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/fireeye/ReelPhish/ }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/fireeye/ReelPhish/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Gophish\par
an open-source phishing toolkit designed for businesses and penetration testers. It provides the ability to quickly and easily setup and execute phishing engagements and security awareness training. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/gophish/gophish }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/gophish/gophish\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
CredSniper\par
a phishing framework written with the Python micro-framework Flask and Jinja2 templating which supports capturing 2FA tokens. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/ustayready/CredSniper }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/ustayready/CredSniper\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
PwnAuth a web application framework for launching and managing OAuth abuse campaigns. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/fireeye/PwnAuth }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/fireeye/PwnAuth\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Phishing Frenzy Ruby on Rails Phishing Framework. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/pentestgeek/phishing-frenzy }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/pentestgeek/phishing-frenzy\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Phishing Pretexts a library of pretexts to use on offensive phishing engagements. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/L4bF0x/PhishingPretexts }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/L4bF0x/PhishingPretexts\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Modlishka is a flexible and powerful reverse proxy, that will take your ethical phishing campaigns to the next level. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/drk1wi/Modlishka }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/drk1wi/Modlishka\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Evilginx is a man-in-the-middle attack framework used for phishing credentials and session cookies of any web service. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/kgretzky/evilginx }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/kgretzky/evilginx\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
*Watering Hole Attack\par
\par
BeEF is short for The Browser Exploitation Framework. It is a penetration testing tool that focuses on the web browser. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/beefproject/beef }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/beefproject/beef\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
* Remote Access Tools\par
\par
Cobalt Strike\par
software for Adversary Simulations and Red Team Operations. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://cobaltstrike.com/ }}{\fldrslt{https://cobaltstrike.com/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Empire is a post-exploitation framework that includes a pure-PowerShell2.0 Windows agent, and a pure Python 2.6/2.7 Linux/OS X agent. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/EmpireProject/Empire }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/EmpireProject/Empire\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Metasploit Framework\par
a computer security project that provides information about security vulnerabilities and aids in penetration testing and IDS signature development. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/rapid7/metasploit-framework }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/rapid7/metasploit-framework\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
SILENTTRINITY\par
A post-exploitation agent powered by Python, IronPython, C#/.NET. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/byt3bl33d3r/SILENTTRINITY }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/byt3bl33d3r/SILENTTRINITY\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Pupy\par
an opensource, cross-platform (Windows, Linux, OSX, Android) remote administration and post-exploitation tool mainly written in python. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/n1nj4sec/pupy }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/n1nj4sec/pupy\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Koadic or COM Command & Control\par
a Windows post-exploitation rootkit similar to other penetration testing tools such as Meterpreter and Powershell Empire. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/zerosum0x0/koadic }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/zerosum0x0/koadic\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
PoshC2\par
a proxy aware C2 framework written completely in PowerShell to aid penetration testers with red teaming, post-exploitation and lateral movement. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/nettitude/PoshC2_Python }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/nettitude/PoshC2_Python\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Gcat a stealthy Python based backdoor that uses Gmail as a command and control server. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/byt3bl33d3r/gcat }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/byt3bl33d3r/gcat\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
TrevorC2 is a legitimate website (browsable) that tunnels client/server communications for covert command execution. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/trustedsec/trevorc2 }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/trustedsec/trevorc2\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Merlin is a cross-platform post-exploitation HTTP/2 Command & Control server and agent written in golang. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/Ne0nd0g/merlin }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/Ne0nd0g/merlin\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Quasar is a fast and light-weight remote administration tool coded in C#. Providing high stability and an easy-to-use user interface, Quasar is the perfect remote administration solution for you. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/quasar/QuasarRAT }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/quasar/QuasarRAT\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Covenant is a .NET command and control framework that aims to highlight the attack surface of .NET, make the use of offensive .NET tradecraft easier, and serve as a collaborative command and control platform for red teamers. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/cobbr/Covenant }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/cobbr/Covenant\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
FactionC2 is a C2 framework which use websockets based API that allows for interacting with agents and transports. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/FactionC2/ }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/FactionC2/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
DNScat2 is a tool is designed to create an encrypted command-and-control (C&C) channel over the DNS protocol. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/iagox86/dnscat2 }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/iagox86/dnscat2\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Sliver is a general purpose cross-platform implant framework that supports C2 over Mutual-TLS, HTTP(S), and DNS. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/BishopFox/sliver }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/BishopFox/sliver\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
EvilOSX An evil RAT (Remote Administration Tool) for macOS / OS X. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/Marten4n6/EvilOSX }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/Marten4n6/EvilOSX\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
EggShell is a post exploitation surveillance tool written in Python. It gives you a command line session with extra functionality between you and a target machine. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/neoneggplant/EggShell }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/neoneggplant/EggShell\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
*Staging\par
\par
Rapid Attack Infrastructure (RAI) \par
Red Team Infrastructure... Quick... Fast... Simplified One of the most tedious phases of a Red Team Operation is usually the infrastructure setup. This usually entails a teamserver or controller, domains, redirectors, and a Phishing server. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/obscuritylabs/RAI }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/obscuritylabs/RAI\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Red Baron is a set of modules and custom/third-party providers for Terraform which tries to automate creating resilient, disposable, secure and agile infrastructure for Red Teams. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/byt3bl33d3r/Red-Baron }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/byt3bl33d3r/Red-Baron\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
EvilURL generate unicode evil domains for IDN Homograph Attack and detect them. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/UndeadSec/EvilURL }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/UndeadSec/EvilURL\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Domain Hunter checks expired domains, bluecoat categorization, and Archive.org history to determine good candidates for phishing and C2 domain names. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/threatexpress/domainhunter }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/threatexpress/domainhunter\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
PowerDNS is a simple proof of concept to demonstrate the execution of PowerShell script using DNS only. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/mdsecactivebreach/PowerDNS }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/mdsecactivebreach/PowerDNS\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Chameleon a tool for evading Proxy categorisation. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/mdsecactivebreach/Chameleon }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/mdsecactivebreach/Chameleon\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
CatMyFish Search for categorized domain that can be used during red teaming engagement. Perfect to setup whitelisted domain for your Cobalt Strike beacon C&C. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/Mr-Un1k0d3r/CatMyFish }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/Mr-Un1k0d3r/CatMyFish\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Malleable C2 is a domain specific language to redefine indicators in Beacon's communication. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/rsmudge/Malleable-C2-Profiles }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/rsmudge/Malleable-C2-Profiles\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Malleable-C2-Randomizer This script randomizes Cobalt Strike Malleable C2 profiles through the use of a metalanguage, hopefully reducing the chances of flagging signature-based detection controls. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/bluscreenofjeff/Malleable-C2-Randomizer }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/bluscreenofjeff/Malleable-C2-Randomizer\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
FindFrontableDomains search for potential frontable domains. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/rvrsh3ll/FindFrontableDomains }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/rvrsh3ll/FindFrontableDomains\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Postfix-Server-Setup Setting up a phishing server is a very long and tedious process. It can take hours to setup, and can be compromised in minutes. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/n0pe-sled/Postfix-Server-Setup }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/n0pe-sled/Postfix-Server-Setup\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
DomainFrontingLists a list of Domain Frontable Domains by CDN. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/vysec/DomainFrontingLists }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/vysec/DomainFrontingLists\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Apache2-Mod-Rewrite-Setup Quickly Implement Mod-Rewrite in your infastructure. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/n0pe-sled/Apache2-Mod-Rewrite-Setup }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/n0pe-sled/Apache2-Mod-Rewrite-Setup\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
mod_rewrite rule to evade vendor sandboxes. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://gist.github.com/curi0usJack/971385e8334e189d93a6cb4671238b10 }}{\fldrslt{https://gist.github.com/curi0usJack/971385e8334e189d93a6cb4671238b10\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
external_c2 framework a python framework for usage with Cobalt Strike's External C2. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/Und3rf10w/external_c2_framework }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/Und3rf10w/external_c2_framework\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
ExternalC2 a library for integrating communication channels with the Cobalt Strike External C2 server. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/ryhanson/ExternalC2 }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/ryhanson/ExternalC2\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
cs2modrewrite a tools for convert Cobalt Strike profiles to modrewrite scripts. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/threatexpress/cs2modrewrite }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/threatexpress/cs2modrewrite\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
e2modrewrite a tools for convert Empire profiles to Apache modrewrite scripts. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/infosecn1nja/e2modrewrite }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/infosecn1nja/e2modrewrite\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
redi automated script for setting up CobaltStrike redirectors (nginx reverse proxy, letsencrypt). {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/taherio/redi }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/taherio/redi\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
cat-sites Library of sites for categorization. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/audrummer15/cat-sites }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/audrummer15/cat-sites\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
ycsm is a quick script installation for resilient redirector using nginx reverse proxy and letsencrypt compatible with some popular Post-Ex Tools (Cobalt Strike, Empire, Metasploit, PoshC2). {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/infosecn1nja/ycsm }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/infosecn1nja/ycsm\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Domain Fronting Google App Engine. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/redteam-cyberark/Google-Domain-fronting }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/redteam-cyberark/Google-Domain-fronting\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
DomainFrontDiscover Scripts and results for finding domain frontable CloudFront domains. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/peewpw/DomainFrontDiscover }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/peewpw/DomainFrontDiscover\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Automated Empire Infrastructure {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/bneg/RedTeam-Automation }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/bneg/RedTeam-Automation\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Serving Random Payloads with NGINX. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://gist.github.com/jivoi/a33ace2e25515a31aa2ffbae246d98c9 }}{\fldrslt{https://gist.github.com/jivoi/a33ace2e25515a31aa2ffbae246d98c9\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
meek is a blocking-resistant pluggable transport for Tor. It encodes a data stream as a sequence of HTTPS requests and responses. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/arlolra/meek }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/arlolra/meek\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
CobaltStrike-ToolKit Some useful scripts for CobaltStrike. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/killswitch-GUI/CobaltStrike-ToolKit }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/killswitch-GUI/CobaltStrike-ToolKit\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
mkhtaccess_red Auto-generate an HTaccess for payload delivery -- automatically pulls ips/nets/etc from known sandbox companies/sources that have been seen before, and redirects them to a benign payload. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/violentlydave/mkhtaccess_red }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/violentlydave/mkhtaccess_red\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
RedFile a flask wsgi application that serves files with intelligence, good for serving conditional RedTeam payloads. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/outflanknl/RedFile }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/outflanknl/RedFile\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
keyserver Easily serve HTTP and DNS keys for proper payload protection. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/leoloobeek/keyserver }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/leoloobeek/keyserver\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
DoHC2 allows the ExternalC2 library from Ryan Hanson ({{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/ryhanson/ExternalC2 }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/ryhanson/ExternalC2\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22 ) to be leveraged for command and control (C2) via DNS over HTTPS (DoH). This is built for the popular Adversary Simulation and Red Team Operations Software Cobalt Strike ({{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.cobaltstrike.com }}{\fldrslt{https://www.cobaltstrike.com\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22 ). {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/SpiderLabs/DoHC2 }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/SpiderLabs/DoHC2\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
HTran is a connection bouncer, a kind of proxy server. A \ldblquote listener\rdblquote  program is hacked stealthily onto an unsuspecting host anywhere on the Internet. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/HiwinCN/HTran }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/HiwinCN/HTran\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
*Lateral Movement\par
\par
CrackMapExec is a swiss army knife for pentesting networks. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/byt3bl33d3r/CrackMapExec }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/byt3bl33d3r/CrackMapExec\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
PowerLessShell rely on MSBuild.exe to remotely execute PowerShell scripts and commands without spawning powershell.exe. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/Mr-Un1k0d3r/PowerLessShell }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/Mr-Un1k0d3r/PowerLessShell\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
GoFetch is a tool to automatically exercise an attack plan generated by the BloodHound application. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/GoFetchAD/GoFetch }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/GoFetchAD/GoFetch\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
ANGRYPUPPY a bloodhound attack path automation in CobaltStrike. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/vysec/ANGRYPUPPY }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/vysec/ANGRYPUPPY\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
DeathStar is a Python script that uses Empire's RESTful API to automate gaining Domain Admin rights in Active Directory environments using a variety of techinques. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/byt3bl33d3r/DeathStar }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/byt3bl33d3r/DeathStar\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
SharpHound C# Rewrite of the BloodHound Ingestor. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/BloodHoundAD/SharpHound }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/BloodHoundAD/SharpHound\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
BloodHound.py is a Python based ingestor for BloodHound, based on Impacket. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/fox-it/BloodHound.py }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/fox-it/BloodHound.py\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Responder is a LLMNR, NBT-NS and MDNS poisoner, with built-in HTTP/SMB/MSSQL/FTP/LDAP rogue authentication server supporting NTLMv1/NTLMv2/LMv2, Extended Security NTLMSSP and Basic HTTP authentication. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/SpiderLabs/Responder }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/SpiderLabs/Responder\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
SessionGopher is a PowerShell tool that uses WMI to extract saved session information for remote access tools such as WinSCP, PuTTY, SuperPuTTY, FileZilla, and Microsoft Remote Desktop. It can be run remotely or locally. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/fireeye/SessionGopher }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/fireeye/SessionGopher\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
PowerSploit is a collection of Microsoft PowerShell modules that can be used to aid penetration testers during all phases of an assessment. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/PowerShellMafia/PowerSploit }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/PowerShellMafia/PowerSploit\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Nishang is a framework and collection of scripts and payloads which enables usage of PowerShell for offensive security, penetration testing and red teaming. Nishang is useful during all phases of penetration testing. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/samratashok/nishang }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/samratashok/nishang\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Inveigh is a Windows PowerShell LLMNR/mDNS/NBNS spoofer/man-in-the-middle tool. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/Kevin-Robertson/Inveigh }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/Kevin-Robertson/Inveigh\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
PowerUpSQL a PowerShell Toolkit for Attacking SQL Server. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/NetSPI/PowerUpSQL }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/NetSPI/PowerUpSQL\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
MailSniper is a penetration testing tool for searching through email in a Microsoft Exchange environment for specific terms (passwords, insider intel, network architecture information, etc.). {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/dafthack/MailSniper }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/dafthack/MailSniper\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
WMIOps is a powershell script that uses WMI to perform a variety of actions on hosts, local or remote, within a Windows environment. It's designed primarily for use on penetration tests or red team engagements. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/ChrisTruncer/WMIOps }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/ChrisTruncer/WMIOps\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Mimikatz is an open-source utility that enables the viewing of credential information from the Windows lsass. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/gentilkiwi/mimikatz }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/gentilkiwi/mimikatz\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
LaZagne project is an open source application used to retrieve lots of passwords stored on a local computer. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/AlessandroZ/LaZagne }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/AlessandroZ/LaZagne\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
mimipenguin a tool to dump the login password from the current linux desktop user. Adapted from the idea behind the popular Windows tool mimikatz. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/huntergregal/mimipenguin }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/huntergregal/mimipenguin\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
PsExec is a light-weight telnet-replacement that lets you execute processes on other systems, complete with full interactivity for console applications, without having to manually install client software. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/downloads/psexec }}{\fldrslt{https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/downloads/psexec\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
KeeThief allows for the extraction of KeePass 2.X key material from memory, as well as the backdooring and enumeration of the KeePass trigger system. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/HarmJ0y/KeeThief }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/HarmJ0y/KeeThief\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
PSAttack combines some of the best projects in the infosec powershell community into a self contained custom PowerShell console. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/jaredhaight/PSAttack }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/jaredhaight/PSAttack\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Internal Monologue Attack Retrieving NTLM Hashes without Touching LSASS. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/eladshamir/Internal-Monologue }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/eladshamir/Internal-Monologue\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Impacket is a collection of Python classes for working with network protocols. Impacket is focused on providing low-level programmatic access to the packets and for some protocols (for instance NMB, SMB1-3 and MS-DCERPC) the protocol implementation itself. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/CoreSecurity/impacket }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/CoreSecurity/impacket\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
icebreaker gets plaintext Active Directory credentials if you're on the internal network but outside the AD environment. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/DanMcInerney/icebreaker }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/DanMcInerney/icebreaker\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Living Off The Land Binaries and Scripts (and now also Libraries) The goal of these lists are to document every binary, script and library that can be used for other purposes than they are designed to. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/api0cradle/LOLBAS }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/api0cradle/LOLBAS\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
WSUSpendu for compromised WSUS server to extend the compromise to clients. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/AlsidOfficial/WSUSpendu }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/AlsidOfficial/WSUSpendu\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Evilgrade is a modular framework that allows the user to take advantage of poor upgrade implementations by injecting fake updates. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/infobyte/evilgrade }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/infobyte/evilgrade\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
NetRipper is a post exploitation tool targeting Windows systems which uses API hooking in order to intercept network traffic and encryption related functions from a low privileged user, being able to capture both plain-text traffic and encrypted traffic before encryption/after decryption. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/NytroRST/NetRipper }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/NytroRST/NetRipper\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
LethalHTA Lateral Movement technique using DCOM and HTA. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/codewhitesec/LethalHTA }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/codewhitesec/LethalHTA\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Invoke-PowerThIEf an Internet Explorer Post Exploitation library. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/nettitude/Invoke-PowerThIEf }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/nettitude/Invoke-PowerThIEf\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
RedSnarf is a pen-testing / red-teaming tool for Windows environments. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/nccgroup/redsnarf }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/nccgroup/redsnarf\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
HoneypotBuster Microsoft PowerShell module designed for red teams that can be used to find honeypots and honeytokens in the network or at the host. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/JavelinNetworks/HoneypotBuster }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/JavelinNetworks/HoneypotBuster\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
PAExec lets you launch Windows programs on remote Windows computers without needing to install software on the remote computer first. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.poweradmin.com/paexec/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.poweradmin.com/paexec/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
*Establish Foothold\par
\par
Tunna is a set of tools which will wrap and tunnel any TCP communication over HTTP. It can be used to bypass network restrictions in fully firewalled environments. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/SECFORCE/Tunna }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/SECFORCE/Tunna\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
reGeorg the successor to reDuh, pwn a bastion webserver and create SOCKS proxies through the DMZ. Pivot and pwn. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/sensepost/reGeorg }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/sensepost/reGeorg\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Blade is a webshell connection tool based on console, currently under development and aims to be a choice of replacement of Chooper. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/wonderqs/Blade }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/wonderqs/Blade\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
TinyShell Web Shell Framework. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/threatexpress/tinyshell }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/threatexpress/tinyshell\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
PowerLurk is a PowerShell toolset for building malicious WMI Event Subsriptions. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/Sw4mpf0x/PowerLurk }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/Sw4mpf0x/PowerLurk\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
DAMP The Discretionary ACL Modification Project: Persistence Through Host-based Security Descriptor Modification. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/HarmJ0y/DAMP }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/HarmJ0y/DAMP\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
*Escalate Privileges\par
* Domain Escalation\par
\par
PowerView is a PowerShell tool to gain network situational awareness on Windows domains. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/PowerShellMafia/PowerSploit/blob/master/Recon/PowerView.ps1 }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/PowerShellMafia/PowerSploit/blob/master/Recon/PowerView.ps1\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Get-GPPPassword Retrieves the plaintext password and other information for accounts pushed through Group Policy Preferences. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/PowerShellMafia/PowerSploit/blob/master/Exfiltration/Get-GPPPassword.ps1 }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/PowerShellMafia/PowerSploit/blob/master/Exfiltration/Get-GPPPassword.ps1\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Invoke-ACLpwn is a tool that automates the discovery and pwnage of ACLs in Active Directory that are unsafe configured. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/fox-it/Invoke-ACLPwn }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/fox-it/Invoke-ACLPwn\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
BloodHound uses graph theory to reveal the hidden and often unintended relationships within an Active Directory environment. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/BloodHoundAD/BloodHound }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/BloodHoundAD/BloodHound\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
PyKEK (Python Kerberos Exploitation Kit), a python library to manipulate KRB5-related data. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/SecWiki/windows-kernel-exploits/tree/master/MS14-068/pykek }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/SecWiki/windows-kernel-exploits/tree/master/MS14-068/pykek\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Grouper a PowerShell script for helping to find vulnerable settings in AD Group Policy. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/l0ss/Grouper }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/l0ss/Grouper\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
ADRecon is a tool which extracts various artifacts (as highlighted below) out of an AD environment in a specially formatted Microsoft Excel report that includes summary views with metrics to facilitate analysis. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/sense-of-security/ADRecon }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/sense-of-security/ADRecon\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
ADACLScanner one script for ACL's in Active Directory. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/canix1/ADACLScanner }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/canix1/ADACLScanner\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
ACLight a useful script for advanced discovery of Domain Privileged Accounts that could be targeted - including Shadow Admins. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/cyberark/ACLight }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/cyberark/ACLight\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
LAPSToolkit a tool to audit and attack LAPS environments. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/leoloobeek/LAPSToolkit }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/leoloobeek/LAPSToolkit\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
PingCastle is a free, Windows-based utility to audit the risk level of your AD infrastructure and check for vulnerable practices. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.pingcastle.com/download }}{\fldrslt{https://www.pingcastle.com/download\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
RiskySPNs is a collection of PowerShell scripts focused on detecting and abusing accounts associated with SPNs (Service Principal Name). {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/cyberark/RiskySPN }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/cyberark/RiskySPN\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Mystique is a PowerShell tool to play with Kerberos S4U extensions, this module can assist blue teams to identify risky Kerberos delegation configurations as well as red teams to impersonate arbitrary users by leveraging KCD with Protocol Transition. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/machosec/Mystique }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/machosec/Mystique\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Rubeus is a C# toolset for raw Kerberos interaction and abuses. It is heavily adapted from Benjamin Delpy's Kekeo project. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/GhostPack/Rubeus }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/GhostPack/Rubeus\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
kekeo is a little toolbox I have started to manipulate Microsoft Kerberos in C (and for fun). {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/gentilkiwi/kekeo }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/gentilkiwi/kekeo\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
*Local Escalation\par
\par
UACMe is an open source assessment tool that contains many methods for bypassing Windows User Account Control on multiple versions of the operating system. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/hfiref0x/UACME }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/hfiref0x/UACME\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
windows-kernel-exploits a collection windows kernel exploit. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/SecWiki/windows-kernel-exploits }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/SecWiki/windows-kernel-exploits\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
PowerUp aims to be a clearinghouse of common Windows privilege escalation vectors that rely on misconfigurations. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/PowerShellMafia/PowerSploit/blob/master/Privesc/PowerUp.ps1 }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/PowerShellMafia/PowerSploit/blob/master/Privesc/PowerUp.ps1\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
The Elevate Kit demonstrates how to use third-party privilege escalation attacks with Cobalt Strike's Beacon payload. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/rsmudge/ElevateKit }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/rsmudge/ElevateKit\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Sherlock a powerShell script to quickly find missing software patches for local privilege escalation vulnerabilities. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/rasta-mouse/Sherlock }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/rasta-mouse/Sherlock\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Tokenvator a tool to elevate privilege with Windows Tokens. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/0xbadjuju/Tokenvator }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/0xbadjuju/Tokenvator\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
*Data Exfiltration\par
\par
CloakifyFactory & the Cloakify Toolset - Data Exfiltration & Infiltration In Plain Sight; Evade DLP/MLS Devices; Social Engineering of Analysts; Defeat Data Whitelisting Controls; Evade AV Detection. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/TryCatchHCF/Cloakify }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/TryCatchHCF/Cloakify\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
DET (is provided AS IS), is a proof of concept to perform Data Exfiltration using either single or multiple channel(s) at the same time. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/sensepost/DET }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/sensepost/DET\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
DNSExfiltrator allows for transfering (exfiltrate) a file over a DNS request covert channel. This is basically a data leak testing tool allowing to exfiltrate data over a covert channel. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/Arno0x/DNSExfiltrator }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/Arno0x/DNSExfiltrator\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
PyExfil a Python Package for Data Exfiltration. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/ytisf/PyExfil }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/ytisf/PyExfil\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Egress-Assess is a tool used to test egress data detection capabilities. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/ChrisTruncer/Egress-Assess }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/ChrisTruncer/Egress-Assess\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Powershell RAT python based backdoor that uses Gmail to exfiltrate data as an e-mail attachment. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/Viralmaniar/Powershell-RAT }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/Viralmaniar/Powershell-RAT\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Misc\par
Adversary Simulation\par
\par
MITRE CALDERA - An automated adversary emulation system that performs post-compromise adversarial behavior within Windows Enterprise networks. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/mitre/caldera }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/mitre/caldera\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
APTSimulator - A Windows Batch script that uses a set of tools and output files to make a system look as if it was compromised. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/NextronSystems/APTSimulator }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/NextronSystems/APTSimulator\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Atomic Red Team - Small and highly portable detection tests mapped to the Mitre ATT&CK Framework. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/redcanaryco/atomic-red-team }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/redcanaryco/atomic-red-team\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Network Flight Simulator - flightsim is a lightweight utility used to generate malicious network traffic and help security teams to evaluate security controls and network visibility. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/alphasoc/flightsim }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/alphasoc/flightsim\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Metta - A security preparedness tool to do adversarial simulation. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/uber-common/metta }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/uber-common/metta\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Red Team Automation (RTA) - RTA provides a framework of scripts designed to allow blue teams to test their detection capabilities against malicious tradecraft, modeled after MITRE ATT&CK. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/endgameinc/RTA }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/endgameinc/RTA\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Wireless Networks\par
\par
Wifiphisher is a security tool that performs Wi-Fi automatic association attacks to force wireless clients to unknowingly connect to an attacker-controlled Access Point. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/wifiphisher/wifiphisher }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/wifiphisher/wifiphisher\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
mana toolkit for wifi rogue AP attacks and MitM. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/sensepost/mana }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/sensepost/mana\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
*Embedded & Peripheral Devices Hacking\par
\par
magspoof a portable device that can spoof/emulate any magnetic stripe, credit card or hotel card "wirelessly", even on standard magstripe (non-NFC/RFID) readers. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/samyk/magspoof }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/samyk/magspoof\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
WarBerryPi was built to be used as a hardware implant during red teaming scenarios where we want to obtain as much information as possible in a short period of time with being as stealth as possible. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/secgroundzero/warberry }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/secgroundzero/warberry\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
P4wnP1 is a highly customizable USB attack platform, based on a low cost Raspberry Pi Zero or Raspberry Pi Zero W (required for HID backdoor). {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/mame82/P4wnP1 }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/mame82/P4wnP1\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
malusb HID spoofing multi-OS payload for Teensy. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/ebursztein/malusb }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/ebursztein/malusb\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Fenrir is a tool designed to be used "out-of-the-box" for penetration tests and offensive engagements. Its main feature and purpose is to bypass wired 802.1x protection and to give you an access to the target network. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/Orange-Cyberdefense/fenrir-ocd }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/Orange-Cyberdefense/fenrir-ocd\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
poisontap exploits locked/password protected computers over USB, drops persistent WebSocket-based backdoor, exposes internal router, and siphons cookies using Raspberry Pi Zero & Node.js. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/samyk/poisontap }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/samyk/poisontap\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
WHID WiFi HID Injector - An USB Rubberducky / BadUSB On Steroids. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/whid-injector/WHID }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/whid-injector/WHID\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
*Software For Team Communication\par
\par
RocketChat is free, unlimited and open source. Replace email & Slack with the ultimate team chat software solution. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://rocket.chat }}{\fldrslt{https://rocket.chat\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Etherpad is an open source, web-based collaborative real-time editor, allowing authors to simultaneously edit a text document {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://etherpad.net }}{\fldrslt{https://etherpad.net\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
*Log Aggregation\par
\par
RedELK Red Team's SIEM - easy deployable tool for Red Teams used for tracking and alarming about Blue Team activities as well as better usability in long term operations. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/outflanknl/RedELK/ }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/outflanknl/RedELK/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
CobaltSplunk Splunk Dashboard for CobaltStrike logs. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/vysec/CobaltSplunk }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/vysec/CobaltSplunk\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Red Team Telemetry A collection of scripts and configurations to enable centralized logging of red team infrastructure. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/ztgrace/red_team_telemetry }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/ztgrace/red_team_telemetry\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Elastic for Red Teaming Repository of resources for configuring a Red Team SIEM using Elastic. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/SecurityRiskAdvisors/RedTeamSIEM }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/SecurityRiskAdvisors/RedTeamSIEM\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
*C# Offensive Framework\par
\par
SharpSploit is a .NET post-exploitation library written in C# that aims to highlight the attack surface of .NET and make the use of offensive .NET easier for red teamers. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/cobbr/SharpSploit }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/cobbr/SharpSploit\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
GhostPack is (currently) a collection various C# implementations of previous PowerShell functionality, and includes six separate toolsets being released today- Seatbelt, SharpUp, SharpRoast, SharpDump, SafetyKatz, and SharpWMI. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/GhostPack }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/GhostPack\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
SharpWeb .NET 2.0 CLR project to retrieve saved browser credentials from Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox and Microsoft Internet Explorer/Edge. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/djhohnstein/SharpWeb }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/djhohnstein/SharpWeb\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
reconerator C# Targeted Attack Reconnissance Tools. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/stufus/reconerator }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/stufus/reconerator\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
SharpView C# implementation of harmj0y's PowerView. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/tevora-threat/SharpView }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/tevora-threat/SharpView\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Watson is a (.NET 2.0 compliant) C# implementation of Sherlock. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/rasta-mouse/Watson }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/rasta-mouse/Watson\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
*Labs\par
\par
Detection Lab This lab has been designed with defenders in mind. Its primary purpose is to allow the user to quickly build a Windows domain that comes pre-loaded with security tooling and some best practices when it comes to system logging configurations. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/clong/DetectionLab }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/clong/DetectionLab\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Modern Windows Attacks and Defense Lab This is the lab configuration for the Modern Windows Attacks and Defense class that Sean Metcalf (@pyrotek3) and I teach. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/jaredhaight/WindowsAttackAndDefenseLab }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/jaredhaight/WindowsAttackAndDefenseLab\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Invoke-UserSimulator Simulates common user behaviour on local and remote Windows hosts. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/ubeeri/Invoke-UserSimulator }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/ubeeri/Invoke-UserSimulator\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Invoke-ADLabDeployer Automated deployment of Windows and Active Directory test lab networks. Useful for red and blue teams. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/outflanknl/Invoke-ADLabDeployer }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/outflanknl/Invoke-ADLabDeployer\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Sheepl Creating realistic user behaviour for supporting tradecraft development within lab environments. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/SpiderLabs/sheepl }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/SpiderLabs/sheepl\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
*Scripts\par
\par
Aggressor Scripts is a scripting language for red team operations and adversary simulations inspired by scriptable IRC clients and bots.\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/invokethreatguy/CSASC }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/invokethreatguy/CSASC\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/secgroundzero/CS-Aggressor-Scripts }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/secgroundzero/CS-Aggressor-Scripts\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/Und3rf10w/Aggressor-scripts }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/Und3rf10w/Aggressor-scripts\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/harleyQu1nn/AggressorScripts }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/harleyQu1nn/AggressorScripts\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/rasta-mouse/Aggressor-Script }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/rasta-mouse/Aggressor-Script\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/RhinoSecurityLabs/Aggressor-Scripts }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/RhinoSecurityLabs/Aggressor-Scripts\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/bluscreenofjeff/AggressorScripts }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/bluscreenofjeff/AggressorScripts\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/001SPARTaN/aggressor_scripts }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/001SPARTaN/aggressor_scripts\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/360-A-Team/CobaltStrike-Toolset }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/360-A-Team/CobaltStrike-Toolset\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/FortyNorthSecurity/AggressorAssessor }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/FortyNorthSecurity/AggressorAssessor\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/ramen0x3f/AggressorScripts }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/ramen0x3f/AggressorScripts\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
A collection scripts useful for red teaming and pentesting\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/FuzzySecurity/PowerShell-Suite }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/FuzzySecurity/PowerShell-Suite\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/nettitude/Powershell }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/nettitude/Powershell\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/Mr-Un1k0d3r/RedTeamPowershellScripts }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/Mr-Un1k0d3r/RedTeamPowershellScripts\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/threatexpress/red-team-scripts }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/threatexpress/red-team-scripts\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/SadProcessor/SomeStuff }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/SadProcessor/SomeStuff\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/rvrsh3ll/Misc-Powershell-Scripts }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/rvrsh3ll/Misc-Powershell-Scripts\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/enigma0x3/Misc-PowerShell-Stuff }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/enigma0x3/Misc-PowerShell-Stuff\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/ChrisTruncer/PenTestScripts }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/ChrisTruncer/PenTestScripts\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/bluscreenofjeff/Scripts }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/bluscreenofjeff/Scripts\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/xorrior/RandomPS-Scripts }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/xorrior/RandomPS-Scripts\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/xorrior/Random-CSharpTools }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/xorrior/Random-CSharpTools\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/leechristensen/Random }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/leechristensen/Random\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/mgeeky/Penetration-Testing-Tools/tree/master/social-engineering }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/mgeeky/Penetration-Testing-Tools/tree/master/social-engineering\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
}
 